.\" Standard preamble:
.\" ========================================================================
.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Vb \" Begin verbatim text
.ft CW
.nf
.ne \\$1
..
.de Ve \" End verbatim text
.ft R
.fi
..
.\" Set up some character translations and predefined strings.  \*(-- will
.\" give an unbreakable dash, \*(PI will give pi, \*(L" will give a left
.\" double quote, and \*(R" will give a right double quote.  \*(C+ will
.\" give a nicer C++.  Capital omega is used to do unbreakable dashes and
.\" therefore won't be available.  \*(C` and \*(C' expand to `' in nroff,
.\" nothing in troff, for use with C<>.
.tr \(*W-
.ds C+ C\v'-.1v'\h'-1p'\s-2+\h'-1p'+\s0\v'.1v'\h'-1p'
.ie n \{\
.    ds -- \(*W-
.    ds PI pi
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=24u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-12u'-\" diablo 10 pitch
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=20u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-8u'-\"  diablo 12 pitch
.    ds L" ""
.    ds R" ""
.    ds C` ""
.    ds C' ""
'br\}
.el\{\
.    ds -- \|\(em\|
.    ds PI \(*p
.    ds L" ``
.    ds R" ''
'br\}
.\"
.\" Escape single quotes in literal strings from groff's Unicode transform.
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq '
.\"
.\" If the F register is turned on, we'll generate index entries on stderr for
.\" titles (.TH), headers (.SH), subsections (.SS), items (.Ip), and index
.\" entries marked with X<> in POD.  Of course, you'll have to process the
.\" output yourself in some meaningful fashion.
.ie \nF \{\
.    de IX
.    tm Index:\\$1\t\\n%\t"\\$2"
..
.    nr % 0
.    rr F
.\}
.el \{\
.    de IX
..
.\}
.\" ========================================================================
.\"
.IX Title "pngdefry 1"
.TH pngdefry 1 "2012-01-22" "pngdefry" "2012-01-22"
.\" For nroff, turn off justification.  Always turn off hyphenation; it makes
.\" way too many mistakes in technical documents.
.if n .ad l
.nh
.SH "NAME"
pngdefry \- Removes \-iphone optimization and reorders RGB(A) pixels for PNG images
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
.Vb 3
\&  pngdefry [\-soaplvid] file.png [file.png [...]]
.Ve
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IX Header "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-s(suffix)\fR" 4
.IX Item "-s(suffix)"
Appends suffix to output file name.
.IP "\fB\-o(path)\fR" 4
.IX Item "-o(path)"
Writes output file(s) to path.
Note: without -s or -o, NO output will be created.
.IP "\fB\-a\fR" 4
.IX Item "-a"
Do NOT de-multiply alpha.
.IP "\fB\-l\fR" 4
.IX Item "-l"
Lists all chunks.
.IP "\fB\-v\fR" 4
.IX Item "-v"
Verbose processing.
.IP "\fB\-i(value)\fR" 4
.IX Item "-i(value)"
Max IDAT chunk size in bytes (minimum: 1024; default: 524288).
.IP "\fB\-p\fR" 4
.IX Item "-p"
Processes all files, not just -iphone ones (for debugging purposed only).
.IP "\fB\-d\fR" 4
.IX Item "-d"
Very verbose processing (for debugging purposes only).



.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
pngdefry attempts to remove \-iphone optimization from \s-1PNG\s0 files that are processed with Apple's modified pngcrush.
.PP
It removes the private critical data chunk "CgBI" if this is at the very start of the \s-1PNG\s0 file, unpacks IDAT chunks,
reverses BGR(A) pixel order to RGB(A), undoes pre-multiplied alpha, repacks IDAT chunks, and outputs all to a new file.
This is a command-line program with batch capabilities (e.g., pngdefry *.png).
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.IX Header "ENVIRONMENT"
None.
.SH "FILES"
.IX Header "FILES"
None.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
\&\fIpngcheck\fR\|(1)
\&\fIpngcrush\fR\|(1)
.SH "AUTHORS"
.IX Header "AUTHORS"
Program was written by Jongware <jongware@hotmail.com>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Jongware for
\s-1Mac OS X 10.7.2\s0 (but may be used by others). Released as "un-licensed" public domain software. For more information, please refer to <http://unlicense.org/>
